---
layout: post
title:  RABBIT1 - Counting Rabbits
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: RABBIT1
src: RABBIT1.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Rabbits are incredible animals. One of their more interesting characteristics
is related with their reproduction. If we keep a couple of adult rabbits in
optimal conditions of life, it is scientifically proved that, each month, that
couple is capable of procreating a new couple of young rabbits. You should
know that only the adult couples may procreate and that the time taken by a
young couple of rabbits to grow (that is, to become adult) is of 1 month. For
the convenience of this task, we will be dealing with immortal rabbits.

Farmer Luis (FL) is a great admirer of rabbits. FL bought in the market 1
couple of adult rabbits (alive, of course) and know wants to raise as many
rabbits as he can. Unfortunately, there is a little problem, FL has boxes
where he can only put exactly 2^M (1 <= M <= 20) couples of rabbits (neither
more nor less). FL can use as many boxes as he wishes as long as he fulfils
the condition above. FL would like to know how many couples of rabbits he will
not be able to put inside boxes if he raises rabbits for N (1 <= N <=
2147483647) months and then tries to ‘box’ them (put them inside boxes). You
should help FL with these calculations. You must consider that FL starts with
1 adult couple of rabbits the 1st month, and that couples of rabbits reproduce
and grow as stated in the 1st paragraph.

### Input

Line 1: C (1 <= C <= 100), the number of calculations your program will be
requested to do

Lines 2-C+1: two integers N and M (in that order)

### Output

Lines 1-C: on each lines print S, which is the number of un-'boxed' couples of
rabbits.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    5 2
    
    Output:
    0

### Output explanation

After growing couples of rabbits during 5 months, FL has 5 adult couples and 3
young couples (8 couples in total). FL has boxes where can put 2^2 = 4 couples
of rabbits, so he can use 2 boxes to ‘box’ all the 8 couples. If FL had
instead grown couples of rabbits for 4 months, he would have 5 couples in
total; thus 1 couple would have remained un-‘boxed’ (the answer would have
been 1).



#### **Solution**



