---
layout: post
title:  CATER - Catering Contracts
categories: ['dynamic-programming', 'tree', 'ioitc']
code: CATER
src: CATER.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A new government has come to power after the elections in Siruseri and has
promptly announced that it is reassigning all catering contracts on its rail
network.

As is well known, the rail network of Siruseri is organized so that every
station is connected to every other station by a unique path. The new scheme
requires contractors to bid for a group of K stations at a time. However, the
constraint is that all K stations that a contractor bids for must form a
connected portion of the network. Having announced this, the government is now
scratching its head to figure out how many different combinations of stations
contractors can bid for.

For example, suppose the rail network is as given below, and contractors have
to bid for 3 stations at a time. Then, there are six possible combinations,
namely _{ 1,2,3}_, _{ 1,2,5}_, _{ 2,3,5}_, _{ 2,4,5}_, _{ 2,5,6_ _}_ and _{
4,5,6}_. A combination such as _{ 1,2,4}_, for instance, is not permitted
because these three stations are not all connected to each other.

![graph](https://image.ibb.co/cpeRDw/Screen_Shot_2017_10_15_at_4_34_41_PM.png)

You will be given a description of the rail network and the number of stations
that a contractor has to bid for. You have to compute the number of different
combinations of stations that the contractor can legally bid for, following
the rule stipulated by the government.

### Input

The first line of input consists of two integer, _N_ and _K_ , where _N_ is
the number of stations in the network and _K_ is the number of stations that
each bid must contain. The stations are numbered _{ 1,2,...,N}_. The next _N_
−1 lines describe the track segments. Each of these lines contains two
integers _i_ and _j_ describing one track segment, where _i_ and _j_ are the
stations at either end of the segment.

### Output

A single integer, denoting the number of combinations that a contractor can
legally bid for. You should report your answer modulo _10243_.

###  Test Data

In all inputs, _1_ _≤ N ≤ __2500_ and _1_ _≤ K ≤ __90_.

###  Example

Input:

    
    
     6 3
    1 2
    2 5
    3 2
    4 5
    6 5
    

Output:

    
    
     6



#### **Solution**



