---
layout: post
title:  CIVIL - Civil Engineering
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CIVIL
src: CIVIL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Civil engineers are people who build impressive structures from concrete and
steel. Throughout the world, sky scrapers get ever higher, bridges get ever
wider, and tunnels get ever longer. Most recently, the Gotthard Base Tunnel
just pushed the limits a bit further...

![Gotthard base tunnel](../../../content/jbw:gotthard_small.jpg)

In this task, you take the role of a civil engineer who is to build a tunnel
through a mountain. Unfortunately, you have a very limited budget, and must
construct the cheapest possible tunnel.

Because engineers have a habit of simplifying things, we will model the
mountain and the tunnel using basic geometric shapes. First of all, consider
that the earth is flat, and two-dimensional. On this flat surface stands a
mountain of height h and width w. Each side of the mountain is parabolic (i.e.
satisfies y = axÂ² + bx + c for some a, b, c). You also know that the base of
the mountain is smooth, which means that its steepness at the base is zero.

![Graphical view of a tunnel](../../../content/jbw:tunnel_small.png)

The tunnel is modeled as a horizontal line through the mountain. The best
possible tunnel is the one which minimizes construction cost. This cost is
proportional to the length of the road which leads to the tunnel, plus the
length of the tunnel itself. Consider that each meter of the tunnel is a
factor f times as expensive as a meter of road.

### Input

The input file consists of several test cases. Each case is given on a line by
itself and consists of the three numbers h, w and f, separated by a space. All
these are strictly positive floating point numbers. The input file ends with a
test case where all numbers are zero (which must not be processed).

### Output

Print for each test case a single number, the optimal height t of the tunnel.
Always print three digits after the decimal point. You may assume that it is
always cheaper to build some tunnel than to drive over the top of the
mountain.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1 2 1.5
    9033.66 29752.4 1.56382
    0 0 0   
      
    Output:  
     0.313  
    8852.956  
    



#### **Solution**



