---
layout: post
title:  BGWOW - BG and WOW Cities!!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BGWOW
src: BGWOW.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Famous lazy boy – BG lives in country “Treepal” , this country is famous for
its peculiar

connections between different cities . There are Ncities in country, which are
connected by N−1

bidirectional ways. Every district is reachable from others. Cities are
numbered from 1 to N and

city 1 is capital city. Nobody knows the city where BG belongs. He lives in an
unknown city , say

X. BG is not only lazy. He is inventor of different words. He calls cities as
WOW city if these

cities belongs to the way while going from his city X to capital city 1. That
city himself doesn't

belong to the way to capital city 1.

Now, you are given the Q tasks to perform , in every task you are given a
particular city number

(X) where BG belongs and a city number (say-Y). Your task is to answer
correctly, whether city

number Y is WOW city or not assuming for this case that BG belongs to city X ?
If Y is WOW

city assuming X as a city where BG stands then you have to print “WOW” ,
otherwise you have

to print “NO WAY”.

Famous lazy boy – BG lives in country “Treepal” , this country is famous for
its peculiar

connections between different cities . There are Ncities in country, which are
connected by N−1

bidirectional ways. Every district is reachable from others. Cities are
numbered from 1 to N and

city 1 is capital city. Nobody knows the city where BG belongs. He lives in an
unknown city , say

X. BG is not only lazy. He is inventor of different words. He calls cities as
WOW city if these

cities belongs to the way while going from his city X to capital city 1. That
city himself doesn't

belong to the way to capital city 1.

Now, you are given the Q tasks to perform , in every task you are given a
particular city number

(X) where BG belongs and a city number (say-Y). Your task is to answer
correctly, whether city

number Y is WOW city or not assuming for this case that BG belongs to city X ?
If Y is WOW

city assuming X as a city where BG stands then you have to print “WOW” ,
otherwise you have

to print “NO WAY”.

### Input

There is only one test case. First line begins with N , number of cities in
“Treepal” and then

follows N-1 lines giving the description of connection between different
cities.After that Q is

given , and then Q lines follows city X and Y as described above.

Constraints:

N <=1000

Q<=min( N*(N-1)/2 , 2000 )

1<=X,Y<=N

### Output

For each query of input, print one line of output denoting the query number as
“Case num: ”

then print the desire output. See the sample output for more details.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    7
    1 2
    2 3
    2 4
    1 5
    2 6
    2 7
    3
    6 1
    6 7
    4 2
    
    Output:
    Case 1: WOW
    Case 2: NO WAY
    Case 3: WOW
    



#### **Solution**



