---
layout: post
title:  AMR11F - Magical Bridges
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: AMR11F
src: AMR11F.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry has a circular lane having N towers
numbered 1 to N. Towers i and i+1 are adjacent to each other for 1 ≤ i < N and
also towers 1 and N are adjacent to each other. Each of these towers has
exactly F number of floors, numbered 1,2,3,..,F-1,F from bottom to top. Floors
i and i+1 in a tower are adjacent to each other and it takes one second to
move between them. It also takes one second to move between floor 1 of a tower
and floor 1 of its adjacent tower. Apart from these, there are M bridges
designed for a quick escape in case of a Death Eater attack, each of which
connects two floors of different towers. Each of these bridges is given as bi
fi bj fj t, meaning it takes t seconds to move along this bridge that connects
the floor fi of tower bi and the floor fj of tower bj. All ways are
bidirectional.

Given (qbi,qfi) and (qbj,qfj), find the minimum time in seconds it takes to
reach floor qfj of tower qbj, starting from floor qfi of tower qbi. You have
to answer a lot of such queries.

Input (STDIN):

The first line contains the number of test cases T. T cases follow. Each test
case consists of N F M in the first line. N is the number of towers, F is the
number of floors in each tower and M is the number of bridges. M lines follow,
each of the form bi fi bj fj t, as mentioned in the problem statement. Next
line contains Q, the number of queries and Q lines follow, each of the form
qbi qfi qbj qfj.

Output (STDOUT):

For each query of the form qbi qfi qbj qfj, output one line denoting the
minimum time in seconds it takes to reach the floor qfj of tower qbj, starting
from the floor qfi of tower qbi.

Constraints:

1 ≤ T ≤ 3

2 ≤ N, M ≤ 100

2 ≤ F ≤ 1,000,000

1 ≤ t ≤ 1,000,000

1 ≤ Q ≤ 100,000

1 ≤ bi, bj, qbi, qbj ≤ N

1 ≤ fi, fj, qfi, qfj ≤ F

Time Limit : 5s

Memory Limit : 64 MB

Sample Input:

1

5 4 3

1 3 2 4 3

2 3 3 3 2

3 4 5 3 1

5

1 3 2 3

1 3 3 2

1 1 3 4

3 3 4 4

4 3 4 4

Sample Output:

4

5

4

6

1

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry has a circular lane having N towers
numbered 1 to N. Towers i and i+1 are adjacent to each other for 1 ≤ i < N and
also towers 1 and N are adjacent to each other. Each of these towers has
exactly F number of floors, numbered 1,2,3,..,F-1,F from bottom to top. Floors
i and i+1 in a tower are adjacent to each other and it takes one second to
move between them. It also takes one second to move between floor 1 of a tower
and floor 1 of its adjacent tower. Apart from these, there are M bridges
designed for a quick escape in case of a Death Eater attack, each of which
connects two floors of different towers. Each of these bridges is given as bi
fi bj fj t, meaning it takes t seconds to move along this bridge that connects
the floor fi of tower bi and the floor fj of tower bj. All ways are
bidirectional.

Given (qbi,qfi) and (qbj,qfj), find the minimum time in seconds it takes to
reach floor qfj of tower qbj, starting from floor qfi of tower qbi. You have
to answer a lot of such queries.

Input (STDIN):

The first line contains the number of test cases T. T cases follow. Each test
case consists of N F M in the first line. N is the number of towers, F is the
number of floors in each tower and M is the number of bridges. M lines follow,
each of the form bi fi bj fj t, as mentioned in the problem statement. Next
line contains Q, the number of queries and Q lines follow, each of the form
qbi qfi qbj qfj.

Output (STDOUT):

For each query of the form qbi qfi qbj qfj, output one line denoting the
minimum time in seconds it takes to reach the floor qfj of tower qbj, starting
from the floor qfi of tower qbi.

Constraints:

1 ≤ T ≤ 3

2 ≤ N, M ≤ 100

2 ≤ F ≤ 1,000,000

1 ≤ t ≤ 1,000,000

1 ≤ Q ≤ 100,000

1 ≤ bi, bj, qbi, qbj ≤ N

1 ≤ fi, fj, qfi, qfj ≤ F

Sample Input:

1

5 4 3

1 3 2 4 3

2 3 3 3 2

3 4 5 3 1

5

1 3 2 3

1 3 3 2

1 1 3 4

3 3 4 4

4 3 4 4

Sample Output:

4

5

4

6

1



#### **Solution**



