---
layout: post
title:  ANARC08B - Adding Sevens
categories: ['ad-hoc-1']
code: ANARC08B
src: ANARC08B.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A seven segment display, similar to the one shown on the right, is composed of
seven light-emitting elements. Individually on or off, they can be combined to
produce 127 different combinations, including the ten Arabic numerals. The
figure below illustrates how the ten numerals are displayed. 7-seg displays
(as they're often abbreviated) are widely used in digital clocks, electronic
meters, and calculators.

![](../../../content/ahmed_aly:ANARC08B1.PNG)

A 7-seg has seven connectors, one for each element, (plus few more connectors
for other electrical purposes.) Each element can be turned on by sending an
electric current through its pin. Each of the seven pins is viewed by
programmers as a single bit in a 7-bit number, as they are more comfortable
dealing with bits rather than electrical signals. The figure below shows the
bit assignment for a typical 7-seg, bit 0 being the right-most bit.

![](../../../content/ahmed_aly:ANARC08B2.PNG)

For example, in order to display the digit 1, the programmer knows that only
bits 1 and 3 need to be on, i.e. the 7-bit binary number to display digit 1 is
"0001010", or 10 in decimal. Let's call the decimal number for displaying a
digit, its display code, or just code for short. Since a 7-seg displays 127
different configurations, display codes are normally written using 3 decimal
places with leading zeros if necessary, i.e. the display code for digit 1 is
written as 010.  
  
In a 9-digit calculator, 9 7-seg displays are stacked next to each other, and
are all controlled by a single controller. The controller is sent a sequence
of 3n digits, representing n display codes, where 0 < n < 10 . If n < 9 , the
number is right justified and leading zeros are automatically displayed. For
example, the display code for 13 is 010079 while for 144 it is 010106106  
  
Write a program that reads the display codes of two numbers, and prints the
display code of their sum.

### Input

Your program will be tested on one or more test cases. Each test case is
specified on a single line in the form of A+B= where both A and B are display
codes for decimal numbers a and b respectively where 0 < a , b < a + b < 1,
000, 000, 000 . The last line of the input file is the word "BYE" (without the
double quotes.)

### Output

For each test case, print A+B=C where C is the display code for a + b .

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    010079010+010079=
    106010+010=
    BYE
    
    Output:
    010079010+010079=010106106
    106010+010=106093
    



#### **Solution**



