---
layout: post
title:  MSUBSTR - Mirror Strings !!!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: MSUBSTR
src: MSUBSTR.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Mirror Strings

As we all know Utkarsh is very good at solving number based problems, this
time Arpit thinks smartly and gives Utkarsh to solve a problem on Strings.
Arpit gives Utkarsh a string and challenges him to find the length of largest
substring that have its mirror string same as its original one and number of
such substrings. Now Utkarsh is buzy at preparing Avishkar papers so he asks
you to help him in doing this task.

Eg.Consider string "lalit" then its mirror string will be "tilal".

Input :

There are t numbers of test cases (t<=100) followed t lines where each line
contains a character string of lower case characters (a-z) of length l
(1>=l<=3000).

Output :

There will be two integers per line separated by space indicating the length
of largest substring which have its mirror string same and number of such
substrings.

Sample test cases :

Input :

3

lalit

abedcdetr

abcde

Output :

3 1

5 1

1 5

Time Limit : 1 sec

As we all know Utkarsh is very good at solving number based problems, this
time Arpit thinks smartly and gives Utkarsh to solve a problem on Strings.
Arpit gives Utkarsh a string and challenges him to find the length of largest
substring that have its mirror string same as its original one and number of
such substrings. Now Utkarsh is buzy at preparing Avishkar papers so he asks
you to help him in doing this task.

Eg. for mirror string : Consider string "lalit" then its mirror string will be
"tilal".

Input :

There are t numbers of test cases (t<=200) followed t lines where each line
contains a character string of lower case characters (a-z) of length l
(1>=l<=3000).

Output :

There will be two integers per line separated by space indicating the length
of largest substring which have its mirror string same and number of such
substrings.

Sample test cases :

Input :

3

lalit

abedcdetr

abcde

Output :

3 1

5 1

1 5



#### **Solution**



