---
layout: post
title:  CERC07P - Rectangular Polygon
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CERC07P
src: CERC07P.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In this problem, we will help the Faculty of Civil Engineering. They need a
software to analyze ground plans of buildings. Specifically, your task is to
detect outlines of a building when all of its corners are given.

![example](/content/carl:cerc07p.jpg)

You may assume that each building is a rectangular polygon with each of its
sides being parallel either with X or Y axis. Therefore, each of its vertex
angles is exactly either 90 or 270 degrees.

### Input

The input contains several buildings. The description of each building starts
with a single positive integer N, the number of corners (polygon vertices), 1
<= N <= 1000. Then there are N pairs of integer numbers X_i,Y_i giving
coordinates of individual corners, |X_i|, |Y_i| <= 10 000.

You may assume that all corners are listed and no two of them have the same
coordinates. The polygon does always exist, it is closed, its sides do not
intersect or touch (except neighboring sides, of course), and it contains no
"holes" inside. In other words, the outline is formed by one closed line. The
order of corners in the input file may be arbitrary.

There is an empty line after each building, then the next one is described.
After the last building, there is a single zero that signals the end of input.

### Output

For each building, output one line containing N characters without any
whitespace between them. The characters should be uppercase letters that
specify directions of individual walls (sides) when the building outline is
followed. "N" stands for North (the positive direction of the Yaxis), "E" for
East (the positive direction of the X axis), "W" for West, and "S" for South.
The "walk" should start in the vertex that has been given first in the input
and always proceed in the clockwise direction.

### Example

    
    
    Input
    4
    0 0
    2 2
    0 2
    2 0
    
    6
    1 1
    2 2
    0 1
    1 0
    0 2
    2 0
    
    0
    
    Output
    NESW
    WNESWN
    

_The second sample input corresponds to the picture._



#### **Solution**



