---
layout: post
title:  CDC12_H - Halt The War
categories: ['tree']
code: CDC12_H
src: CDC12_H.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The war was terrible, thousands of humans and rainbow people lying down on the
streets.

Ronny didn’t know what to do, so he decided to go and search for the
Rainbowland Castle

and talk to the King. The rainbowlandians stared at Ronny with caution,
waiting him to do

something bad just to get him and rainbow-kill him. Finally, Ronny made it to
the King’s room

and talked to him about stopping this horrible war. The King accepted Ronny’s
proposal, but

only with one condition, Ronny needed to prove once again what humanbeings
were capable

of. The King said that if Ronny answered the Q queries that he had for him
about an order

line of rainbow people numbered from 1 to N , he and his nation would go away.
These rainbow

people had a letter with a number on it (Initially this number it’s 0).

There are two types of queries, modification queries and answer queries. The
modification

queries consists on, given an interval from A to B inclusive ([A,B]), Ronny
needed to update

those rainbow people’s letter, adding one to the number on it; so, by
instance, if the interval is

[1,2], then Ronny needed to add one to the first and second rainbowlandian on
the line. The

answer queries consists on, given an interval from A to B inclusive, Ronny
should say the sum

of every rainbow people’s letter.

If Ronny can do this, the humans are saved! So he need your help, because he
is not really that

good in maths and fast sums.

Input

The first line contains an integer T , which specifies the number of test
cases. Then, will follow

the descriptions of T test cases.

For each test case you will get an integer N and an integer Q, that represents
the number of

rainbowlandian in the line and the number of queries the King asks for. Then,
Q lines will

follow, each containing a string and 2 integers, the type of query, that can
be "modification"

or "answer" (Quotes for clarity), the first and the last rainbowlandian that
Ronny must have

in mind in order to answer the query.

The input must be read from standard input.

Output

For each input case you must print the string "Scenario #i:" where i is the
number of the

test case (Starting by 1), followed by Q lines with the answer of each query.
If the query was

a modification query, then you should output "OK" (Quotes for clarity),
otherwise, output the

CEIDEC 2012 - Contest Session

21

sum of the number from A to B inclusive.

The output must be written to standard output.

The war was terrible, thousands of humans and rainbow people lying down on the
streets.

Ronny didn’t know what to do, so he decided to go and search for the
Rainbowland Castle

and talk to the King. The rainbowlandians stared at Ronny with caution,
waiting him to do

something bad just to get him and rainbow-kill him. Finally, Ronny made it to
the King’s room

and talked to him about stopping this horrible war. The King accepted Ronny’s
proposal, but

only with one condition, Ronny needed to prove once again what humanbeings
were capable

of. The King said that if Ronny answered the Q queries that he had for him
about an order

line of rainbow people numbered from 1 to N , he and his nation would go away.
These rainbow

people had a letter with a number on it (Initially this number it’s 0).

There are two types of queries, modification queries and answer queries. The
modification

queries consists on, given an interval from A to B inclusive ([A,B]), Ronny
needed to update

those rainbow people’s letter, adding one to the number on it; so, by
instance, if the interval is

[1,2], then Ronny needed to add one to the first and second rainbowlandian on
the line. The

answer queries consists on, given an interval from A to B inclusive, Ronny
should say the sum

of every rainbow people’s letter.

If Ronny can do this, the humans are saved! So he need your help, because he
is not really that

good in maths and fast sums.

Input

The first line contains an integer T , which specifies the number of test
cases. Then, will follow

the descriptions of T test cases.

For each test case you will get an integer N and an integer Q, that represents
the number of

rainbowlandian in the line and the number of queries the King asks for. Then,
Q lines will

follow, each containing a string and 2 integers, the type of query, that can
be "modification"

or "answer" (Quotes for clarity), the first and the last rainbowlandian that
Ronny must have

in mind in order to answer the query.

The input must be read from standard input.

Output

For each input case you must print the string "Scenario #i:" where i is the
number of the

test case (Starting by 1), followed by Q lines with the answer of each query.
If the query was

a modification query, then you should output "OK" (Quotes for clarity),
otherwise, output the

sum of the number from A to B inclusive.

The output must be written to standard output.

INPUT | OUTPUT  
---|---  
2  
4 4  
answer 1 4  
modification 1 2  
modification 2 3  
answer 2 2  
8 6  
modification 2 4  
modification 4 8  
modification 4 5  
answer 8 8  
modification 5 7  
answer 4 8  
| Scenario #1:  
0  
OK  
OK  
2  
Scenario #2:  
OK  
OK  
OK  
1  
OK  
11  
  
  
Constraints

• 1 ≤ T ≤ 100

• 1 ≤ N ≤ 100,000

• 1 ≤ Q ≤ 100,000



#### **Solution**



