---
layout: post
title:  BIA - Bytelandian Information Agency
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BIA
src: BIA.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Bytelandian Information Agency (BIA) uses a net of _n_ computers. The
computers are numbered from _1_ to _n_ , and the computer number _1_ is a
server. The computers are connected by one-way information channels. Every
channel connects a pair of computers. The whole network is organised in such a
way that one can send information from the server to any other computer either
directly or indirectly.

When BIA acquires new information, the information is put on the server and
propagated in the net. The chief of BIA considers what would happen if one
computer stopped working (was blown away by terrorists for example). It could
happen that some other computers would stop receiving information from the
server, because the broken computer was a necessary transmitter. We will call
such computers _critical_. For example in the situation in the picture below
the critical computers are _1_ and _2_. _1_ is the server and all information
sent from the server to _3_ has to go through _2_.

![BIA computer net](/content/kfas:BIA.gif)

###  Task

Write a program which

  * reads a description of the net from standard input, 
  * finds all critical computers. 
  * writes the numbers of critical computers to standard output. 

###  Input

Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). Each test
case consists of several lines. In the first line there are numbers _n_ and
_m_. _n_ denotes the number of computers in the net, _(2 <=n<=5000)_. _m_
denotes the number of information channels, _n-1 <=m<=200000_. The following
_m_ lines describes a single information channel and consist of two integer
numbers _a_ and _b_ separated by a space. It means the computer _a_ sends
information to computer _b_ by that channel. You may assume there are no two
channels which start and end at the same points _a, b_.

###  Output

For every testcase your program should write two lines. In the first line _k_
\- the number of critical computers in the net. In the second line _k_ numbers
separated by single spaces - the numbers of critical computers in increasing
order.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    4 5
    1 2
    1 4
    2 3
    3 4
    4 2
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    Output:
    2
    1 2
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    

Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages



#### **Solution**



