---
layout: post
title:  NOVICE43 - Problem 3
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: NOVICE43
src: NOVICE43.cpp
---

### **Statement**

When I first learned backtracking I made a program to find all the
permutations of the English alphabets in lexicographically increasing. Filled
with elation I showed the program to Rohil. Rohil being someone who likes to
do stuff off the league was not impressed and gave me the following variation
of the problem help me to solve the problem:

You have to find the number of permutations of length N(1<=N<=12) such that at
whenever an alphabet say($) appears in the permutation all the alphabets
smaller than $ should have appeared before it at least once. An alphabet is
smaller than another if it appears before the other in the English alphabet.
‘a’ being the smallest and ‘z’ being the largest. For example when N=2 then
aa,ab are the only valid permutations and ba,bb is invalid since in ba all the
alphabets smaller than b have not appeared at least once before it. See
example for further clarification.

When I first learned backtracking I made a program to find all the
permutations of the English alphabets in lexicographically increasing. Filled
with elation I showed the program to Rohil. Rohil being someone who likes to
do stuff off the league was not impressed and gave me the following variation
of the problem help me to solve the problem:

You have to find the number of permutations of length N(1<=N<=11) such that at
whenever an alphabet (say 'c' ) appears in the permutation all the alphabets
smaller than 'c' should have appeared before it at least once. An alphabet is
smaller than another if it appears before the other in the English alphabet.
‘a’ being the smallest and ‘z’ being the largest. For example when N=2 then
aa,ab are the only valid permutations and ba,bb is invalid since in ba all the
alphabets smaller than b have not appeared at least once before it. See
example for further clarification.

### Input

Line 1: T(no. of test cases)

Line 2: n1

Line 3: n2

…

…

### Output

Line 1: no. of such permutations of length n1

……

…..

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    2
    3
    
    Output:
    2
    5
    
    
    Explanation for N=3, the possible permutations are:
    abc
    aba
    abb
    aab
    aaa



#### **Solution**



