---
layout: post
title:  R6PL - Harbinger vs Sciencepal
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: R6PL
src: R6PL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Rainbow 6 is a very popular game in colleges. There are 2 teams, each having
some members and the 2 teams play some matches against each other. The team
which wins the maximum number of matches wins the game! Two of my friends
Ashank and Aditya (better known as Harbinger and Sciencepal) are great gamers
and they want to compete. So they decide to form their own teams.

There are 2*N players who are interested to be a part of their team. Each
player has some rating (based on his performance) and Akarsh(Nimbus) is
responsible for forming their teams. Being a good friend of both, he wants to
form two teams such that the difference of total ratings of the players
between the teams becomes minimum. The players come to him in pairs and he has
to put one of them in Harbinger's team and the other in Sciencepal's team at
that instant. This is a tedious task for him and therefore he needs your help!

Rainbow 6 is a very popular game in colleges. There are 2 teams, each having
some members and the 2 teams play some matches against each other. The team
which wins the maximum number of matches wins the game! Two of my friends
Ashank and Aditya (better known as Harbinger and Sciencepal) are great gamers
and they want to compete. So they decide to form their own teams.

There are 2*N players who are interested to be a part of their team. Each
player has some rating (based on his performance) and Akarsh(Nimbus) is
responsible for forming their teams. Being a good friend of both, he wants to
form two teams such that the difference of total ratings of the players
between the teams becomes minimum. The players come to him in pairs and he has
to put one of them in Harbinger's team and the other in Sciencepal's team at
that instant. This is a tedious task for him and therefore he needs your help!

### Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of the
test cases. (1 ≤ T ≤ 10)

First line of each test case contains a number N denoting the number of pair
of players. (1 ≤ N ≤ 200)

Next N lines contains rating of the persons in pairs as x and y. (0 ≤ x , y ≤
250)

### Output

For each test case, print a single integer denoting the minimum possible
absolute rating difference between Sciencepal's and Harbinger's team.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     1  
    2  
    2 3  
    4 5
    
    
    Output:
     0



#### **Solution**



