---
layout: post
title:  JAVAC - Java vs C ++
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: JAVAC
src: JAVAC.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Apologists of Java and C++ can argue for hours proving each other that their
programming language is the best one. Java people will tell that their
programs are clearer and less prone to errors, while C++ people will laugh at
their inability to instantiate an array of generics or tell them that their
programs are slow and have long source code.

  
Another issue that Java and C++ people could never agree on is identifier
naming. In Java a multiword identifier is constructed in the following manner:
the first word is written starting from the small letter, and the following
ones are written starting from the capital letter, no separators are used. All
other letters are small. Examples of a Java identifier are javaIdentifier,
longAndMnemonicIdentifier, name, nEERC.

  
Unlike them, C++ people use only small letters in their identifiers. To
separate words they use underscore character ‘_’. Examples of C++ identifiers
are c_identifier, long_and_mnemonic_identifier, name (you see that when there
is just one word Java and C++ people agree), n_e_e_r_c.

  
You are writing a translator that is intended to translate C++ programs to
Java and vice versa. Of course, identifiers in the translated program must be
formatted due to its language rules — otherwise people will never like your
translator.

  
The first thing you would like to write is an identifier translation routine.
Given an identifier, it would detect whether it is Java identifier or C++
identifier and translate it to another dialect. If it is neither, then your
routine should report an error. Translation must preserve the order of words
and must only change the case of letters and/or add/remove underscores.

  

### Input

The input file consists of several lines that contains an identifier. It
consists of letters of the English alphabet and underscores. Its length does
not exceed 100.

  

### Output

If the input identifier is Java identifier, output its C++ version. If it is
C++ identifier, output its Java version. If it is none, output 'Error!'
instead.

  

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    long_and_mnemonic_identifier
    anotherExample
    i
    bad_Style
    
    Output:
    longAndMnemonicIdentifier
    another_example
    i
    Error!
    



#### **Solution**



